This is a README file

GNU wants to have this in this place....


However you will need to install c00clupea with configure && make && make install...

Read the INSTALL file for your OS

c00clupea is not a software meant for plug & play...

This means you need some knowledge when you want to run the c00clupea honeypot

I suppose that you are able to protect your system against intruders, when you want to run c00clupea

c00clupea is a research honeypot

The source code is not really nice, (or beautified), the handling is not convenient and we have no gui....

Already here?

OK, it is your choice how to start, stop or restart c00clupea.

We are running c00clupea as a daemon in OpenBSD

You can use the command line, init.d, rc or whatever you want

"make install" just copies c00clupea to the bin-dir of your choice, copies the man page to the man-dir of your choice and the config to the config-dir of your choice.

After installation you will find a man-page with some little help

Or you can start "c00clupea -h" for some options.

You should be aware that some strategies need other services.
Normally these service are hardened systems or other honeypots.

However, when you don´t know what you are doing, you will have a vulnerable system...

(e.g. when you use the ssh honeypot and you redirect c00clupea to the wrong ssh-build, everyone will be able to have full root access....or when you use the uploadsystem together with the http-server you will be a web provider without any chance to control what other people will share....)....

So remember, this is a honeypot system. 
It is built for research usage, you can do a lot of fancy things with it.

But when you don´t know what you are doing, try it just inside your LAN.

c00clupea is built for research (as I told before), we only use it in hardened systems.

Even when someone will hack c00clupea he will be in in a noon-productive and secured area.

Again, when you want to run c00clupea. Do it, but take care that you will not be part of the problem.

Btw. c00clupea means red herring....<*)))><

Btw2. c00clupea can be used as a fast web server, there is a fork of it with built-in webserver.

You can do this, but there are better choices like nginx for this purpose

Btw3. Feel free to contact me c00clupea@gmail.com  

Btw4. But I will not help you with installation, security or consulting...

Btw5. When you have some new ideas, bugs or just want to say "hello", feel free to contact me